So the femur bone has been removed
and the kneecap, so what we're going to do
now is we're going
to we're going to separate
the the back leg into its three major
muscle groups.
So we've got our inside
round, our gooseneck or our eye of round
and outside round together.
And our sirloin tip or knuckle
section here.
So the seams are pretty easy to find after
you've done it a couple of times,
but we'll just look for them now.
Once I actually can get my hands in here
and I'm separating the knuckle,
I can actually almost start pulling it
away.
As you can see,
it will need a little bit of help
from a knife to cut the fascia that
that connects the muscles together.
So once I start scoring that fascia
you can see I can literally just pull.
That's sirloin tip away.
The next one we're going to take off
is my insdie round, and I'm looking for
between the inside round
and this eye of round here, so.
There's a confusing little muscle here
that sits on the lower
side of the inside round right here,
you can see
you can actually follow that seam
if you want it.
That's not really the one we want.
We want to actually identify
where that eye of round is.
And that's this muscle right here.
So we're just going to use our knife again
to go in between the muscles.
And once I find the separation
I can then pull out all three muscles.
And again, our inside
round, our gooseneck and our sirloin tip.